Australia's wild dog
the dingo is on the prowl today
at hunts alone
assign the dingo is probably on
the lookout for small game but
it senses a larger opportunity a
baby kangaroo called a Joey
makes an excellent target
it's too big for his mother to
carry if she has to run away the
dingoes slinks forward while the
Joey unaware keeps busy grooming
himself his mother senses a
nearby predator but it's not the
dingo her attention is fixed on
the wedge-tailed eagle line
above his mother calls Joey to
her side
neither one sees the dingo
approaching through the brush
for a moment
a young male freezes
his panic proves contagious
the mother and her Joey make
their getaway to the dingo burst
after the ruse
the dingoes no slouch when it
comes to speed but the ruse
reach 35 miles per hour
dingoes have better luck hunting
in packs when they're after
large kangaroos
it's back to searching for prey
that's not so big and not so
fast